Q2. Explain the role of the following key properties in the Flexbox layout model

1. justify-content: It aligns all the items of the container described as Flex according to its main axis 
(According to the axis mentioned in flex-direction).

Property Values of justify-content are--
Value	        Description	
flex-start	    Default value. Items are positioned at the beginning of the container	
flex-end	    Items are positioned at the end of the container	
center	        Items are positioned in the center of the container	
space-between	Items will have space between them	
space-around	Items will have space before, between, and after them	
space-evenly	Items will have equal space around them	
initial	        Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
inherit	        Inherits this property from its parent element.

2. align-items: It aligns all the items of the container described as Flex according to its cross-axis 
(Opposite to the axis mentioned in flex-direction).

Property Values of align-items

Value	    Description
normal	    Default. Behaves like 'stretch' for flexbox and grid items, or 'start' for grid items with a defined block size.	
stretch	    Items are stretched to fit the container	
center	    Items are positioned at the center of the container	
flex-start	Items are positioned at the beginning of the container	
flex-end	Items are positioned at the end of the container	
start	    Items are positioned at the beginning of their individual grid cells, in the block direction	
end	        Items are positioned at the end of the their individual grid cells, in the block direction	
baseline	Items are positioned at the baseline of the container	
initial	    Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
inherit	    Inherits this property from its parent element.

3. gap: The gap property defines the size of the gap between the rows and between the columns in flexbox


4. flex-direction:  The flex-direction property is a sub-property of the Flexible Box Layout module. 
It establishes the main-axis, thus defining the direction flex items are placed in the flex container. 


5. flex-wrap: The CSS flex-wrap property is used to specify whether flex items are forced into a single line or 
wrapped onto multiple lines. The flex-wrap property allows enabling the control direction in which lines are stacked. 
It is used to designate a single line or multi-line format to flex items inside the flex container.
